TRANSLATE.md, before:

# Translate OpenComic!

If you want to see OpenComic in your language, please help us to Translate.

## New translation

To create a new translation, you can create one from [empty.json](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/empty.json) file and compare to other translations (Preferably [English](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/en.json) or [Spanish](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/es.json)) using some diff app like [Meld](https://meld.app/), [WinMerge](https://winmerge.org/) or webs like [Mergely](https://editor.mergely.com/) (Or any other method that you prefer).

https://winmerge.org/

Don't forget to activate the language by editing the [`languagesList`](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/languagesList.json) file and adding `"active": true` to the language, if the language is not in the list you can add it.

You can send a pull request with the new translated file, it is not necessary that the translation is complete.

The list of translators appears in the `About OpenComic` window.

## Update translation

To update a translation, get the current translated file and compare to other some of translation (Preferably [English](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/en.json) or [Spanish](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/es.json)) using some diff app like [Meld](https://meld.app/), [WinMerge](https://winmerge.org/) or webs like [Mergely](https://editor.mergely.com/) (Or any other method that you prefer), you can also search to find empty strings `""` in translation.

If you consider it appropriate, you can add your data to the list of translators in the file. This data appears in the `About OpenComic` window.

You can send a pull request with the new translated file, it is not necessary that the translation is complete.

## Translation Status

<!-- translation --><!-- translation -->
OpenComic has translations into 17 languages.

### Català

[ca.json](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/ca.json)

`100% | Remain 0 | Translated 422`

<a href="https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/ca.json"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ollm/OpenComic/master/images/translated/ca.svg" /></a>


### Čeština

[cs.json](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/cs.json)

`27.5% | Remain 306 | Translated 116`

<a href="https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/cs.json"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ollm/OpenComic/master/images/translated/cs.svg" /></a>


### Deutsch

[de.json](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/de.json)

`24.2% | Remain 320 | Translated 102`

<a href="https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/de.json"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ollm/OpenComic/master/images/translated/de.svg" /></a>


### English

[en.json](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/en.json)

`100% | Remain 0 | Translated 422`

<a href="https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/en.json"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ollm/OpenComic/master/images/translated/en.svg" /></a>


### Español

[es.json](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/es.json)

`100% | Remain 0 | Translated 422`

<a href="https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/es.json"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ollm/OpenComic/master/images/translated/es.svg" /></a>


### Français

[fr.json](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/fr.json)

`81.5% | Remain 78 | Translated 344`

<a href="https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/fr.json"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ollm/OpenComic/master/images/translated/fr.svg" /></a>


### Magyar

[hu.json](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/hu.json)

`24.2% | Remain 320 | Translated 102`

<a href="https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/hu.json"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ollm/OpenComic/master/images/translated/hu.svg" /></a>


### Italiano

[it.json](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/it.json)

`96.9% | Remain 13 | Translated 409`

<a href="https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/it.json"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ollm/OpenComic/master/images/translated/it.svg" /></a>


### 日本語

[ja.json](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/ja.json)

`24.2% | Remain 320 | Translated 102`

<a href="https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/ja.json"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ollm/OpenComic/master/images/translated/ja.svg" /></a>


### 한국어

[ko.json](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/ko.json)

`23% | Remain 325 | Translated 97`

<a href="https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/ko.json"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ollm/OpenComic/master/images/translated/ko.svg" /></a>


### Português Brasileiro

[pt-br.json](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/pt-br.json)

`17.1% | Remain 350 | Translated 72`

<a href="https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/pt-br.json"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ollm/OpenComic/master/images/translated/pt-br.svg" /></a>


### русский язык

[ru.json](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/ru.json)

`27.5% | Remain 306 | Translated 116`

<a href="https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/ru.json"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ollm/OpenComic/master/images/translated/ru.svg" /></a>


### svenska

[sv.json](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/sv.json)

`71.8% | Remain 119 | Translated 303`

<a href="https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/sv.json"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ollm/OpenComic/master/images/translated/sv.svg" /></a>


### ไทย

[th.json](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/th.json)

`87.9% | Remain 51 | Translated 371`

<a href="https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/th.json"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ollm/OpenComic/master/images/translated/th.svg" /></a>


### Tiếng Việt

[vi.json](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/vi.json)

`70.9% | Remain 123 | Translated 299`

<a href="https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/vi.json"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ollm/OpenComic/master/images/translated/vi.svg" /></a>


### 中文（简体中文）

[zh-hans.json](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/zh-hans.json)

`87.9% | Remain 51 | Translated 371`

<a href="https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/zh-hans.json"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ollm/OpenComic/master/images/translated/zh-hans.svg" /></a>


### 中文（繁體中文）

[zh-hant.json](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/zh-hant.json)

`17.1% | Remain 350 | Translated 72`

<a href="https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/zh-hant.json"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ollm/OpenComic/master/images/translated/zh-hant.svg" /></a>

Commit message:

Upd: zh-hans.json by @kofzhanganguo #279

TRANSLATE.md, after:

# Translate OpenComic!

If you want to see OpenComic in your language, please help us to Translate.

## New translation

To create a new translation, you can create one from [empty.json](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/empty.json) file and compare to other translations (Preferably [English](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/en.json) or [Spanish](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/es.json)) using some diff app like [Meld](https://meld.app/), [WinMerge](https://winmerge.org/) or webs like [Mergely](https://editor.mergely.com/) (Or any other method that you prefer).

https://winmerge.org/

Don't forget to activate the language by editing the [`languagesList.json`](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/languagesList.json) file and adding `"active": true` to the language, if the language is not in the list you can add it.

You can send a pull request or open a issue with the new translated file and the updated `languagesList.json`, it is not necessary that the translation is complete.

The list of translators appears in the `About OpenComic` window.

## Update translation

To update a translation, get the current translated file and compare to other some of translation (Preferably [English](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/en.json) or [Spanish](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/es.json)) using some diff app like [Meld](https://meld.app/), [WinMerge](https://winmerge.org/) or webs like [Mergely](https://editor.mergely.com/) (Or any other method that you prefer), you can also search to find empty strings `""` in translation.

If you consider it appropriate, you can add your data to the list of translators in the file. This data appears in the `About OpenComic` window.

You can send a pull request or open a issue with the new translated file, it is not necessary that the translation is complete.

## Translation Status

<!-- translation --><!-- translation -->
OpenComic has translations into 17 languages.

### Català

[ca.json](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/ca.json)

`100% | Remain 0 | Translated 422`

<a href="https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/ca.json"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ollm/OpenComic/master/images/translated/ca.svg" /></a>


### Čeština

[cs.json](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/cs.json)

`27.5% | Remain 306 | Translated 116`

<a href="https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/cs.json"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ollm/OpenComic/master/images/translated/cs.svg" /></a>


### Deutsch

[de.json](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/de.json)

`24.2% | Remain 320 | Translated 102`

<a href="https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/de.json"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ollm/OpenComic/master/images/translated/de.svg" /></a>


### English

[en.json](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/en.json)

`100% | Remain 0 | Translated 422`

<a href="https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/en.json"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ollm/OpenComic/master/images/translated/en.svg" /></a>


### Español

[es.json](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/es.json)

`100% | Remain 0 | Translated 422`

<a href="https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/es.json"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ollm/OpenComic/master/images/translated/es.svg" /></a>


### Français

[fr.json](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/fr.json)

`81.5% | Remain 78 | Translated 344`

<a href="https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/fr.json"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ollm/OpenComic/master/images/translated/fr.svg" /></a>


### Magyar

[hu.json](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/hu.json)

`24.2% | Remain 320 | Translated 102`

<a href="https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/hu.json"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ollm/OpenComic/master/images/translated/hu.svg" /></a>


### Italiano

[it.json](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/it.json)

`96.9% | Remain 13 | Translated 409`

<a href="https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/it.json"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ollm/OpenComic/master/images/translated/it.svg" /></a>


### 日本語

[ja.json](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/ja.json)

`24.2% | Remain 320 | Translated 102`

<a href="https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/ja.json"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ollm/OpenComic/master/images/translated/ja.svg" /></a>


### 한국어

[ko.json](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/ko.json)

`23% | Remain 325 | Translated 97`

<a href="https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/ko.json"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ollm/OpenComic/master/images/translated/ko.svg" /></a>


### Português Brasileiro

[pt-br.json](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/pt-br.json)

`17.1% | Remain 350 | Translated 72`

<a href="https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/pt-br.json"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ollm/OpenComic/master/images/translated/pt-br.svg" /></a>


### русский язык

[ru.json](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/ru.json)

`27.5% | Remain 306 | Translated 116`

<a href="https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/ru.json"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ollm/OpenComic/master/images/translated/ru.svg" /></a>


### svenska

[sv.json](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/sv.json)

`71.8% | Remain 119 | Translated 303`

<a href="https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/sv.json"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ollm/OpenComic/master/images/translated/sv.svg" /></a>


### ไทย

[th.json](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/th.json)

`87.9% | Remain 51 | Translated 371`

<a href="https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/th.json"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ollm/OpenComic/master/images/translated/th.svg" /></a>


### Tiếng Việt

[vi.json](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/vi.json)

`70.9% | Remain 123 | Translated 299`

<a href="https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/vi.json"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ollm/OpenComic/master/images/translated/vi.svg" /></a>


### 中文（简体中文）

[zh-hans.json](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/zh-hans.json)

`100% | Remain 0 | Translated 422`

<a href="https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/zh-hans.json"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ollm/OpenComic/master/images/translated/zh-hans.svg" /></a>


### 中文（繁體中文）

[zh-hant.json](https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/zh-hant.json)

`17.1% | Remain 350 | Translated 72`

<a href="https://github.com/ollm/OpenComic/blob/master/languages/zh-hant.json"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ollm/OpenComic/master/images/translated/zh-hant.svg" /></a>
